README.md, before:

# SQL Graphviz
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2020.svg?maxAge=2592000)]()

SQL Graphviz is a small python 3 script that generates a [Graphviz](http://www.graphviz.org/)
visualization of a SQL schema dump.

### Dependencies

SQL Graphviz relies on [pyparsing](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pyparsing/2.0.3) to grok
the schema dump. Ubuntu users should install using:

    $ sudo apt-get install python3-pyparsing

while CheeseShop frequenters should install with pip:

    $ sudo pip3install pyparsing

Alternatively, using **pipenv** as follows (ensure it is installed first):

    $ pipenv install
    $ pipenv shell

### Usage

Using PostgreSQL, for example, to generate as a PNG file:

    $ pg_dump --schema-only dbname | python sql_graphviz.py | dot -Tpng > graph.png

The program will accept a named file, or if omitted as above, will take from stdin.
Output to SVG:

    $ pg_dump --schema-only dbname > dump.sql
    $ python sql_graphviz.py dump.sql > graph.dot
    $ dot -Tsvg graph.dot > graph.svg

### Example

![SVG](https://rawgithub.com/rm-hull/sql_graphviz/master/example.svg)

## Credits

Extended from http://energyblog.blogspot.co.uk/2006/04/blog-post_20.html by [EnErGy [CSDX]](https://www.blogger.com/profile/09096585177254790874)

## References

* http://pythonhosted.org/pyparsing/

## The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Richard Hull & EnErGy [CSDX]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Add Arch Linux dependency instalation hint

README.md, after:

# SQL Graphviz
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2020.svg?maxAge=2592000)]()

SQL Graphviz is a small python 3 script that generates a [Graphviz](http://www.graphviz.org/)
visualization of a SQL schema dump.

### Dependencies

SQL Graphviz relies on [pyparsing](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pyparsing/2.0.3) to grok
the schema dump. Ubuntu users should install using:

    $ sudo apt-get install python3-pyparsing

while CheeseShop frequenters should install with pip:

    $ sudo pip3install pyparsing

Arch linux users can install the dependencies like this:

    $ sudo pacman -S python-pyparsing

Alternatively, using **pipenv** as follows (ensure it is installed first):

    $ pipenv install
    $ pipenv shell

### Usage

Using PostgreSQL, for example, to generate as a PNG file:

    $ pg_dump --schema-only dbname | python sql_graphviz.py | dot -Tpng > graph.png

The program will accept a named file, or if omitted as above, will take from stdin.
Output to SVG:

    $ pg_dump --schema-only dbname > dump.sql
    $ python sql_graphviz.py dump.sql > graph.dot
    $ dot -Tsvg graph.dot > graph.svg

### Example

![SVG](https://rawgithub.com/rm-hull/sql_graphviz/master/example.svg)

## Credits

Extended from http://energyblog.blogspot.co.uk/2006/04/blog-post_20.html by [EnErGy [CSDX]](https://www.blogger.com/profile/09096585177254790874)

## References

* http://pythonhosted.org/pyparsing/

## The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Richard Hull & EnErGy [CSDX]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
